Umbraco Commerce v15.3.10 & v16.1.1 release notes (#7253)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-commerce/release-notes/README.md

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco Commerce 15 including all changes for this version.

#### [15.3.10](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Acomponent%2Fcommerce+label%3Arelease%2F15.3.10) (18th Jul 2025)

* Updated order/orderline property label fallback behaviour to be constant in all usages [#733](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/733).
* Fixed location picker value being null in models builder model [#726](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/726).
* Fixed discount editor resetting start/end dates due to UTC data format mishandling [#728](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/728).
* Fixed issue where the product picker breaks when a product has no price defined [#730](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/730).
* Fixed issue when using MultipleTextstring as property editor for provider setting resulting in malformed data [#734](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/734).

> * Fixed error in StorefronAPI when trying to expand shipping/payment method models [#736](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/736).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed error in StorefrontAPI when trying to expand shipping/payment method models [#736](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/736).
```

> * Fixed issue with StorefronAPI displying the payment method pricing for the shipping method [#736](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/736).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue with StorefrontAPI displaying the payment method pricing for the shipping method [#736](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/736).
```
